this is how to fit every aftermarket
mudflat on a range rover sport so this
is the rear mudflaps
this is gonna go on the bumper so I will
show you how to fit this okay so the
first thing we need to do if you come
down here is it remove the screws that
are holding it put on this so there's
one screw just here which hold this
wheel and there's one under the bottom
here okay again these are Phillips so
you need a little stubby screwdriver
okay now the next thing you do in the
kit you get this long screw so this long
screw goes through this bit here so we
do you flip this bit round put this in
here that bit goes round to form a
spacer okay sits like so and then this
screw goes up and should forget it right
line up with the original mounting
again the next so the screw that we
originally took out of this mounting
point we'll use to put in here now if I
just pull that to the side you can see
that in the original bumper there's a
little indentation there now when you
fit the mudflat you use that indentation
and screw into the bumper now on the
genuine one there's an insert that goes
behind but on these aftermarket ones
they just fit it just screwed into the
bumper and it it's perfectly fine
there's enough thickness of the bumper
to screw into that so obviously if you
haven't put the mud flaps on before
we've fitted these on previously so
we've already got this hole that you can
either use an electric just grew driver
just turn yourself happen on it or you
can drill a little pilot hole beforehand
but this self toppers are screwing and
you just screwing into that lip on the
bump so they go with that tight now I'll
just guide you through and just show you
what that looks like the aftermarket mud
flaps fitted but they're fundamentally
the same shape as the genuine one